#3817 Fixing documentation (#4023)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/map-query-parameters.md

    "maxZoom": 8
}
```

For more details check out the [zoomToExtent](https://mapstore2.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/docs/#actions.map.zoomToExtent) in the framework documentation.

#### Map info

> It performs a [GetFeature](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/services/wfs/reference.html#getfeature) request on the specified layer and then a [GetFeatureInfo](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/services/wms/reference.html#getfeatureinfo) by taking a poin from teh retrieved featurs's geometry. This action can be used only for existing maps (map previously created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It performs a [GetFeature](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/services/wfs/reference.html#getfeature) request on the specified layer and then a [GetFeatureInfo](https://docs.geoserver.org/stable/en/user/services/wms/reference.html#getfeatureinfo) by taking a point from the retrieved features's geometry. This action can be used only for existing maps (map previously created).
```

A **cql_filter** is also **mandatory** for that action to properly filter required data: that filter will be used in both request (GetFeature and GFI). If you don't need to apply a filter, you can use the standard INCLUDE clause (cql_filter=INCLUDE) so the whole dataset will be queried. 

Requirements:
- The layer specified must be visible in the map
- There must be a geometry that can be retrieved from the GetFeature request

Example:

```
{
    "type": "SEARCH:SEARCH_WITH_FILTER",
    "cql_filter": "ID=75",
    "layer": "WORKSPACE:LAYER_NAME"
}

?actions=[{"type":"SEARCH:SEARCH_WITH_FILTER","cql_filter":"ID=75","layer":"WORKSPACE:LAYER_NAME"}]
```

The sample request below illustrates how two actions can be concatenated:

```
https://dev.mapstore2.geo-solutions.it/mapstore/#/viewer/openlayers/4093?actions=[{"type":"SEARCH:SEARCH_WITH_FILTER","cql_filter":"STATE_FIPS=34","layer":"topp:states"},{"type":"ZOOM_TO_EXTENT","extent":[-77.48202256347649,38.74612266051003,-72.20858506347648,40.66664704515103],"crs":"EPSG:4326","maxZoom":8}]
```

> The MapStore invocation URL above executes the followinf operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MapStore invocation URL above executes the following operations:
```
